Added doc for variant querying (#3045)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/search/sort_clause_reference/product_sort_clauses.md

# Product Sort Clauses

Product Sort Clauses are supported by [Product Search (`ProductServiceInterface::findProduct`)](product_api.md#products).

By using Sort Clause you can filter product by specific attributes, for example: price, code, or availability.

Product Sort Clauses can also be used with `ProductVariantQuery` when wrapped in a [`ProductCriterionAdapter`](/api/php_api/php_api_reference/classes/Ibexa-Contracts-ProductCatalog-Values-Content-Query-Criterion-ProductCriterionAdapter.html)

> . See the [product variant search examples](../../pim/product_api.md#searching-variants-across-products) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [product variant search examples](../../pim/product_api.md#searching-variants-across-products) for more information.
```

> . See the [product variant search examples](../../pim/product_api.md#searching-variants-across-products) for more information.

Author: ```suggestion
Product Sort Clauses can also be used with `ProductVariantQuery` when wrapped in a [`ProductCriterionAdapter`](/api/php_api/php_api_reference/classes/Ibexa-Contracts-ProductCatalog-Values-Content-Query-Criterion-ProductCriterionAdapter.html).
See the [product variant search examples](product_api.md#searching-variants-across-products) for more information.
```
